http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:WellTest
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : Errorend tag name: head is not match the current start tagName:style - TypeName: aasg:Wellheader
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeLithIntercepts/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaRadiogenicHeatProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKPhysicalSample/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/HIVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowerPlantProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/USPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_USGIN_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_IDGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PASeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_Arizona_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/AZGS_HIGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAGeothermalAreas/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NEHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTDrillStemTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVPowerPlantFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/TXAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHGravityStations/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NMThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/NGDS/CanadaThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/AZThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OKWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AKBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/TXBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/CanadaBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MORockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IABoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_MODGLS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgsweb2.mngs.umn.edu/ArcGIS/services/MNWellheaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NEBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_IGWS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/AZWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/HIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://mgs.geology.wmich.edu/arcgis/services/MIAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NMWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CAPowellCummingGeothermometry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/ArcGIS/services/NGDS/EGIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.azgs.az.gov/arcgis/services/OneGeology/AZGS_NMBGMR_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/WY_Data/WYThermalSprings1_8/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTVolcanicVents/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_3/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NH_NHGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://services.kgs.ku.edu/arcgis/services/NGDS/KSWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/CTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/INaqWellChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PABoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://xml2.des.state.nh.us/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NHWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity2_2/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/MT_Data/MTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/UT_Data/UTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/NV_Data/NVBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/NBMG_COGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/NV_Data/NVWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/WY_Data/WYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/CO_Data/COWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/ID_Data/IDWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/ID_Data/IDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://gis.wgnhs.org/arcgis/services/aasg-geothermal/WIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/CO_Data/COaqSpringChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/SD_Data/SDWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/ArcGIS/services/MT_Data/MTThermalSprings/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/OHAbandonedMines/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYSeismicHypocenters/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIPhysicalSamples/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellFluidProduction/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://web2.nbmg.unr.edu/arcgis/services/UT_Data/UTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/CTRockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/aasggeothermal/NYHydraulicProperties1_1/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NYWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/arcgis/services/OneGeology/ILGS_NYGS_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/NJWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MEWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHDirectUseSites/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIBoreholeLithIntervals/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/ILWellTests/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHThermalConductivity/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIHeatPumpFacilities/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHHeatFlow1_23/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/RIWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/VTBoreholeTemperatures/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAWellHeaders/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/OneGeology/ILGS_OHDGS_Bedrock_Geology_WFS/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/IAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PAWellLogs/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MAAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/OHAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/PARockChemistry/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
http://geothermal.isgs.illinois.edu/ArcGIS/services/aasggeothermal/MOAqueousChemistry1_10/MapServer/WFSServer?request=GetCapabilities&service=WFS : ErrorError: read (Server reject request with ECONNRESET) - TypeName: aasg:BaseMetals
